GH-99293: Fix stale method caches and assertion errors in SWIG-generated modules (#99294)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-11-09-16-02-27.gh-issue-99293.oPstNV.rst

> Fix an issue where extension modules could inadvertently trigger an assertion error in typeobject.c by clearing the Py_TPFLAGS_VALID_VERSION_TAG tp_flag without clearing the tp_version_tag field. (Extension modules should use PyType_Modified() instead, however.)

Reviewer: I just noticed `Py_TPFLAGS_VALID_VERSION_TAG` isn't actually documented.
```suggestion
Fix an issue where extension modules could inadvertently trigger an assertion error in ``typeobject.c`` by clearing the ``Py_TPFLAGS_VALID_VERSION_TAG`` :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_flags` without clearing the :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_version_tag` field. (Extension modules should use :c:func:`PyType_Modified` instead, however.)
```
